hello I'm Ivy exploit care and this is
going to be the first in a series of
cool duty advanced warfare videos which
I'm gonna give you tips for each of the
weapons in the montclair let me know how
to play them letting you know how to be
a setup your plus around them and that
sort of thing so this is the first
episode covering the VA el 27 and
because you know it's my first advanced
warfare video I'm also can be giving
some first impressions if there's
someone so we'll start my first
impressions on the game what's going on
there will I think of Call of Duty
advanced warfare then we'll move on to
what I think about the ba l27 after
about two to three hours of play
including what you should use you know
really get the best outfit so first of
all in the first impressions from the
easiest way to sum up my thoughts is
kind of a cop-out and that would be to
say it's a cool of duty gift so it's
really the same as most the other games
I figured the moon would add a lot to
the game like really change it up it
doesn't change up as much like lake but
it does add so many cooler than select
you know when you're in a gunfight Doc
Brown the corner by boost jumping then
you boost your round around the other
gay then you know from the back that
sort of stuff it feels really cool there
are some really great long as we have
met but I love the same problems to
exist and you know i guess i should have
expect them to magically fixed but you
know a lot of problems like a weapon
balance is a little funny all that sort
of stuff but you know it doesn't bother
me too much you get all the fun that you
can expect from the game at this game
gave me that exhilarating rush like all
my heart's pounding i'm on like at eight
kill streak or whatever and that is what
i love called you poor and the game does
that so that's pretty so first
impressions game is good but it's not a
radical change so far I haven't even
campaign yet and I'm assuming that's
gonna be like an actual fund campaign so
I'm looking for that Kevin Spacey makes
things by so yeah that's kind of my
impressions on the move flare it had
some new stuff but it's not really
enough to be considered the you know
kind of evolution on the franchise that
we'd expect you know that doesn't bother
me too so moving on to the be al 27 so
the be al 27 is one of the default
unlocked assault rifles in the game and
honestly because of the strength of the
earth assault waves in this game it's
one of the kind of bridges between st
clear soul rebels because it has a
reasonably high fire rate it has quite a
bit of recoil so you know we have to do
long-range shots and it has quite a bit
of damage so up close you can kind of
destroy people with hip fire or not and
at distant you're gonna start to
struggle even if you
have like a red dawn a foregrip and that
sort of stuff so how do i recommend you
use this weapon you can see in this game
play in the background it's pretty nice
can take time I'm saying that I use a
silencer and the yeah i think it's like
the parabellum microphone or something
it basically makes other people silence
does not work and the funny thing about
these two attachments together is that
someone else uses the exact same two we
basically have no attachments each but
there's just something kind of bringing
about having you know no audio book not
allowing of people to do the same at
least personally that's how I like that
but if I was to recommend a bill for you
because I was just kind of playing
around with this I think a science that
and a legs a slight really place of the
strengths you know the SMG hybrid type
deal I really recommend you try and play
this is an SMG hybrid because it works
quite well it's kind of amazing it's
going disappointing with the ESPYs
aren't SMG hybrids but you know that's
whatever that is so yeah definitely try
and play this unit gun close to medium
you can definitely get medium-range
kills and you'll definitely be a few of
the assault rifles and medium-range as
well as the ESPYs but you've still got
to try and make sure that you're not
trying to get those cross you know map
shots because you slowly have to burst
one by one hit five or six bullets in
and by the time you do that you'll
usually get it's happened to me so many
times and it's something that's
happening resist doing at this point so
yeah just try and remind yourself sick
close range medium range and you'll have
a good time biscuit so really it's kind
of a basic gun but it does it show up
quite well so that's as far as play
style as far as like attachments and
stuff again I'd say play to its play
style or just have no attachment you
don't really need them the silence is
nice I like it of course thing off the
rails nice but if you don't need that
then don't bother with it go all in the
perks because again this is because it's
like sng kind of style this works a lot
like wait it works a lot with the one
that keeps you off the radar I wish I
need the perk games playing help but I
don't and it works a lot of topless it
again like anything the works of the SMG
sorry Eiffel for work here so just load
up all you want on park sits on a
secondary boys useful with it kind of
goes for it slippery farm so just feel
yourself fiscal on there and I think
that gives you a really good class till
now it's like fill yourself up with
perks have a secondary and if you want
you can even skimp on your ex oval at
sea and your grenade cuz I know if
you're a new player especially for me
like using those they're kind of
situation or late but
just part i'm gonna used to properly yet
there's a XO stem which increases your
health but if you don't want to learn
how to fill that stuff froilan parks
just be the park monster and this gun
really suits that place personally the
way i've been using it is i've been
using it's kind of a stealthy weapon so
i havenít old stealth bucks plus light
weight on there but you know entirely up
to you and how you play that so we're
coming to the end of game play here I
get like my first kill the killstreak
cancer is actually the game winning kill
I went 18 and to that I don't think
that's too bad especially like this is
my first five hours of playing so far I
think I'm gonna go to sleep now so i
hope you enjoyed the video like it if
you like to let me know a weapon you
want to see next in the comments and
I'll see you guys in the next video